Tomasi qiyamah mia Monique
yeah yes yes
soy de Massachusetts no needles yes
Chris so Beavis do in America okay
Korsak you could speak a good so funny
trying to keep together
you don't understand the whole the way
my talk omakase there is listening my
tummy's my way
but that wobble I got blood else punk on
tomato is a uno dos tres veces we hey
you're going on story about the homeless
Georgia yeah Oh to nombre Georgia
michael vick from Georgia big up Romario
okay Lavanya what are you saying
Bella Mario is the young mother mother
yes PCC see the Yamaha Mara
oh okay the boy yeah blood is no mind
she's go me um what happen to the other
no master bedroom in a way Oh Donna me
don't see see so it amigo
yeah what a bunch no it's not that he
speak pretty good Spanish no I'm Nam nah
I could understand you sometimes me
you're like looking hi Jane I was just
trying to see if you speak Spanish it's
not bad it's pretty good actually and
you're practicing though you're
practicing it's pretty good
when he minutes later
our six boys later
detail at the late
oh okay